Reporting: Update docs (#23993)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/enterprise/reporting.md

1. Select the layout option for generated report: **Portrait** or **Landscape**.  
1. Enter scheduling information. Options vary depending on the frequency you select.
1. **Save** the report.

> 1. **Send test mail** after saving the report to verify that the report looks like you expect it to.

Reviewer: I would like to add that it also can be used to verify that emails actually can be sent. Not sure how to phrase it though

Author: ```suggestion
1. **Send test mail** after saving the report to verify that the report works like you expect it to.
```

mayhaps?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. **Send test mail** after saving the report to verify that the whole configuration is working as expected.
```
Maybe? I agree that otherwise it's a bit redundant with the previous step `Preview the report to make sure it appears as you expect. Update if necessary`
And I think it should be "send test email" but this is what in the UI. Should we update it?

{{< docs-imagebox img="/img/docs/enterprise/reports_create_new.png" max-width="500px" class="docs-image--no-shadow" >}}

### Scheduling

Scheduled reports can be sent on a weekly, daily, or hourly basis. You may also disable scheduling for when you either want to pause a report or send it via the API.

> All scheduling is approximative and indicates when the reporting service will start rendering the dashboard.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All scheduling indicates when the reporting service will start rendering the dashboard. It can take a few minutes to render a dashboard with a lot of panels.
```
It feels weird to start by `All scheduling is approximative`. It's not very positive about the feature.

Author: 🤔 I kind of prefer my variant here. For two reasons. One is that it's important to note that the _start_ of rendering might not be on the dot, it may shift back and forth a little based on a number of reasons (mostly forwards). The other thing is that one of the things we said we wanted to improve was setting clear expectations for the feature, and I think it'll lead to less frustration when the documentation acknowledges tradeoffs straight away.

Reviewer 3: I prefer @AgnesToulet 's suggested edit.

Author: I'll merge that then 🤷 But I still don't understand why, so I _will_ most likely do the same mistake in my next PR. I've learnt nothing here, and my response was specifically spelling out my reasons for my choices to open up for learning (even if it's just "it just feels better").

Author: Just talked with @xlson and explained my concerns with the difference and he pointed out that my concern about the approximative start position. He'll open an issue with more details and we'll fix it in the backend instead of documenting it.

#### Hourly

> Hourly reports are generated once per hour and takes two arguments:

Reviewer 3: I am confused by your use of "arguments" here. Are these options in the UI that you fill in or select? If so, then they are probably fields. 

This is end user documentation, not developer notes.

Author: I feel as I cannot verbatim just replace “arguments” with “fields” here, but it makes perfect sense that arguments is something that isn’t used outside of the command-line/API terminology. I’ll dig through the docs a little and write up something hopefully more user-centric tomorrow.

* **At minute -** The number of minutes after full hour when the report should be generated.
* **Time zone -** Time zone to determine the offset of the full hour. Does not currently change the time in the rendered report. 

#### Daily

Daily reports are generated once per day and takes two arguments:

* **Time -** Time of day in 24 hours format when the report should be sent.

> * **Time zone-** Time zone for the **Time** argument.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* **Time zone -** Time zone for the **Time** argument.
```

> * **Time zone -** Time zone for the **Time** argument.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Time zone -** Time zone for the **Time** field.
```

#### Weekly

Weekly reports are generated once per week and takes three arguments:

* **Day -** Weekday which the report should be sent on.
* **Time -** Time of day in 24 hours format when the report should be sent.

> * **Time zone-** Time zone for the **Time** argument.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* **Time zone -** Time zone for the **Time** argument.
```

> * **Time zone -** Time zone for the **Time** argument.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Time zone -** Time zone for the **Time** field.
```

#### Never

> Only available in Grafana Enterprise v7.0+.

> Reports which are scheduled to never be sent have no arguments and will not be sent to the scheduler. They may be manually generated from the **Send test email** prompt or via the API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Reports which are scheduled to never be sent have no parameter and will not be sent to the scheduler. They may be manually generated from the **Send test email** prompt or via the API.
```

{{< docs-imagebox img="/img/docs/enterprise/reports_send_test_mail.png" max-width="500px" class="docs-image--no-shadow" >}}

## Send report via the API

> Sending reports programmatically is possible with the [manually send report]({{< relref "http_api.md#manually-send-report" >}}) endpoint in the [Enterprise HTTP APIs]({{< relref "http_api.md" >}}).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sending reports programmatically is possible with the [send report]({{< relref "http_api.md#send-report" >}}) endpoint in the [Enterprise HTTP APIs]({{< relref "http_api.md" >}}).
```
If you approve my comment above

{{< docs-imagebox img="/img/docs/enterprise/reports_send_test_mail.png" max-width="500px" class="docs-image--no-shadow" >}}

> ## API

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Reports API
```

Reviewer 3: Are there going to be more Enterprise-only APIs? If so, then we will need to properly document this and others in a separate subsection.

Author: Yes, that’s all but certain. Do you think we should add that already or should we wait until we have more/stable documented APIs? (I somewhat prefer the latter, otoh maybe that would mess up URLs or something like that?)

I’ll update the title.

Reviewer 3: The thing is, we will need to remember to split this API out into a separate document when we get another one. It would mess up any links to that heading as well.

Author: Then I’ll split it up and link to the API doc from here 🙂

Reports can be generated with the experimental `/api/reports/email` API. To access the API you need to authenticate yourself as an organization admin. For more information about API authentication, refer to [Authentication API]({{ relref "../http_api/auth.md" }}).

The `/api/reports/email` API expects a JSON object with the following arguments:

* **id -** ID of the report to send (same as in the URL when editing a report, not to be confused with the ID of the dashboard). Required.
* **emails -** Comma-separated list of emails to which to send the report to. Overrides the emails from the report. Required if **useEmailsFromReport** is not present.
* **useEmailsFromReport -** Send the report to the emails specified in the report. Required if **emails** is not present.

The API queues the report for generation and returns immediately. This means that the response code is only indicative of the queueing, not the generation of the report.

Example for curl:

```
$ curl -H "Authorization: Bearer <Admin API key>" https://<grafana.example.org>/api/reports/email
    -d '{"id": "<report id>", "useEmailsFromReport": true}'
```

## Rendering configuration

> When generating reports by each panel renders separately before being collected in a PDF. The per panel rendering timeout and number of concurrently rendered panels can be configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When generating reports, each panel renders separately before being collected in a PDF. The per panel rendering timeout and number of concurrently rendered panels can be configured.
```

Author: ```suggestion
When generating reports each panel renders separately before being collected in a PDF. The per panel rendering timeout and number of concurrently rendered panels can be configured.
```

Do we need that comma?

{{< docs-imagebox img="/img/docs/enterprise/reports_send_test_mail.png" max-width="500px" class="docs-image--no-shadow" >}}

## Send report via the API

> Sending reports programmatically is possible with the [send report]({{< relref "http_api.md#send-report" >}}) endpoint in the [Enterprise HTTP APIs]({{< relref "http_api.md" >}}).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can send reports programmaticallywith the [Reporting API]({{< relref "http_api.md#send-report" >}}) in the [Enterprise HTTP APIs]({{< relref "http_api.md" >}}).
```

Author: I'd like to refer to the exact endpoint, not the API as a whole, made the change to active voice but kept the endpoint reference.

## Rendering configuration

When generating reports, each panel renders separately before being collected in a PDF. The per panel rendering timeout and number of concurrently rendered panels can be configured.

To modify the panels' clarity you can set a scale factor for the rendered images. A higher scale factor is more legible but will increase the file size of the generated PDF.

 These options are available in the [configuration]({{< relref "../installation/configuration.md">}}) file.

```ini
[reporting]
# Set timeout for each panel rendering request
rendering_timeout = 10s
# Set maximum number of concurrent calls to the rendering service
concurrent_render_limit = 4
# Set the scale factor for rendering images. 2 is enough for monitor resolutions
# 4 would be better for printed material. Setting a higher value affects performance and memory
image_scale_factor = 2
```

## Report time range

> Reports uses the saved time range of the dashboard. Changing the time range of the report is done by saving a modified time range to the dashboard.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Reports use the saved time range of the dashboard. Changing the time range of the report is done by saving a modified time range to the dashboard.
```

The page header of the report displays the time range for the dashboard's data queries. Dashboards set to use the browser's time zone will use the time zone on the Grafana server.

> If the time zone is set differently between your Grafana server and its remote image renderer, then the time ranges in the report may be different between the page header and the time axes in the panels. We advise always setting the time zone to UTC for dashboards when using a remote renderer to avoid this. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If the time zone is set differently between your Grafana server and its remote image renderer, then the time ranges in the report might be different between the page header and the time axes in the panels. We advise always setting the time zone to UTC for dashboards when using a remote renderer to avoid this. 
```

Reviewer 3: Use "might" instead of "may" when talking about possibilities. "May" has connotations of permission. "Yes, you may do that" vs. "That might happen."
